Add blog for upgrading to new generators (#222)
conan-io/conan-io.github.io: _posts/2022-09-21-upgrading-recipes-to-1.51.markdown

The biggest drawback is you need to call `conan install` before `cmake ..`. This sounds innocent at first but if you rely on third party tools that support cmake you no longer have the `cmake-wrapper` to call conan for you. The way CMake designed the toolchain support is that it needs to be preset at configuration before the project is declared. 

Conan will no longer get its settings from CMake, rather Conan will convert its settings to CMake which you will need to pass explicitly.

### Layouts

Layouts are a huge improvement. Previously you needed two distinct workflows, one for local development and a second for creating packages. Debugging the latter was a nightmare and was very often plagued with structural changes requiring nasty workarounds. With the new generators understanding layouts, they can preserve the project's build structure in the cache so the same relative structure is used in both. This should also help with `editable` mode which is looking promising. I am super excited to try this out again.

### Presets

> CMake Presets are a delight. I never knew these existed until Conan pooped out some files in my build directory. Conan 2.0 will bump the requirement to CMake 3.15 but I’d recommend using 3.23+ for local development to take full advantage of what 1.x provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CMake Presets are a delight. I never knew these existed until Conan dumped some files in my build directory. Conan 2.0 will bump the requirement to CMake 3.15 but I’d recommend using 3.23+ for local development to take full advantage of what 1.x provides.
```
maybe that sounds a bit better?

Author: ```suggestion
CMake Presets are a delight. I never knew these existed until Conan made some files in my build directory. Conan 2.0 will bump the requirement to CMake 3.15 but I’d recommend using 3.23+ for local development to take full advantage of what 1.x provides.
```

Author: That's a little too negative for me, I switched to made
